#API400 by TekMonks
<p style="font-size:25px; text-align:center">The fountain of youth for legacy systems</p>

Major companies are ramping up with their game face on, typically as competitive as they are or simply out there offering aggressively their technological advancement. Take it from the largest taxi company in the world, Uber who owns no vehicle; while the most popular media owner, Facebook creates no content. Are you even aware that the most valuable sales broker, Alibaba has no inventory; and that the world’s largest accommodation provider, AirBnB does not have any real estate.

Such an alarming threat, where fast moving startups are dislodging established companies, putting them in crucial situation. Particularly those whose core business runs on a legacy system such as the AS/400. A system which would be costly, high risk, and time consuming to transform. 

Stepping out should never be an option. But rather step up with a quick yet cost effective digital transformation designed by TekMonks.

TekMonks' API/400, made and integrated with COBOL/batch-based systems, allows creation of Application Programming Interface (API) based services for legacy systems, particularly that of the AS/400. IBM approved, API/400 provides a single common gateway for REST based API calls to reach business assets and data of AS/400. Thus, turning existing rules, data, and modules as modern APIs, that allows access to anything from: Database; Files; Members; Data Queues; Data Areas; ​Direct toegang tot PGM’s, RPG, Cobol, and even screen to API

Instead of costly system alteration just to adapt to the demands of the digital age, API/400 rather maintains the current system’s capability without any screen scraping. No need to leave any of your legacy software. 

This means that more money can be saved, less effort is needed, precious time is conserved, and nothing is decommissioned. Yet provides a very high performance native solution that is scalable and continuously evolving. Just one of the best offerings of API/400 to some of the largest banks and insurance companies worldwide.

Absolutely secured via the latest Cybersecurity industry standards, AS/400 logic are made visible online through web and mobile applications competitively transforming any company at par in the digital economy.

Available on local Appliance or via Cloud, immediate Platform to Develop APIs can be initiated with:
●Initial Configuration, training & setup so you are ready for success
●Creating APIs & Apps in hours from existing AS/400 PGMs or Logic
●Native no-code integration, not screen scraping

Uncover the simplest solution to the biggest challenge in joining the digital economy safely, with low risks and reasonable costs.

For a demo, please, [**send us an email**](mailto:sales@tekmonks.com){:target="_blank"} or call +1–888-318-4077 and a TekMonks sales representative is ready to assist you.
